# [선택: 가족과 함께 거주]
## Q1. [14번 유형: 우리 나라 주택의 변화] I’d like to know and talk about where you live. Homes today are very different from homes that were built in the past. Many modern homes have new technology or new materials or new design. Tell me how homes in your country or city have chaged over the past few years. 

### ==Changes in houses/homes==
```sheet
{
    "classes": {
        "c": {
            "text-align": "center",
        },
    },
}
---
|---|---|---|
| |**in the past**|**Now**|
|**변화 + 구체적 설명**|Simple: normal light switches, heaters, basic appliances<br>→ X technology<br>→ done by hand|AI-powered devices: <br>e.g.) AI speaker → control lights, temperature<br>AI → security systems, energy|
```

### ==Answer==
1) **도입**: **Sure, homes in my country have changed a lot ** in recent years, **especially with smart technology and AI.**
2) **과거**: **Before, houses were pretty simple.** We used normal light switches, heaters, and basic appliances. There wasn’t much technology involved. Everything had to be done by hand.
3) **현재**: **But now, many homes use AI-powered devices.** For example, we can control the lights and temperature just by using an AI speakcer at home. We can also use AI for security systems or to save energy.
4) **마무리 (의견)**: So yeah, **homes today are much smarter and more comfortable than before.** AI makes life at home a lot easier.

## Q2. [15번 유형: 우리 나라 주택의 이슈] Housing is a topic that is often on the news. Tell me about things that people in your city are discussing when it comes to homes and housing. Also, describe some of the ongoing problems or challenges that people face regarding housing or homes.

>### ==High Apartment Prices==
>- **이슈**: imbalances in the housing market
>- **원인**: popular areas: housing prices↑ vs. less popular areas: unsold
>- **결과**: ppl in popular areas → heavy financial burdens, ppl in less popular areas → lose value in their homes
>- **해결책/의견**: govermenet → imporve infrastructure

### ==Answer==
1) **이슈 소개**: These days, **many Korean people are talking about the regional imbalances in the housing market.**
2) **구체적 이슈 설명**: **For example, in popular areas,** like places with good schools or lots of infrastructure, housing prices have skyrocketed. **But in less popular areas,** many apartments remain unsold.
3) **이슈로 인한 결과**: **This causes several challenges for people.** **People in popular areas** face heavy financial burdens due to rising housing costs. Some people even get a loan if they want to rent a home. **But people in less popular areas** worry that their homes will lose value.
4) **해결책 및 결론**: **To be honest, I don’t know how we can handle the situation, but I think** the goverment should do something about it like improving infrastructure in underdeveloped areas.

---

# [선택: 음악 감상]
## Q1. [14번 유형: 음악 또는 작곡가 비교] You indicated in the survey that you listen to music. Pick two different kinds of music or composers. Describe each in as much detail as possible. And then, compare similarities and differences between them.

### ==Comparing two different music genres==
```sheet
{
    "classes": {
        "c": {
            "text-align": "center",
        },
    },
}
---
|---|---|---|
| | **______ music** | **______ music** |
| **Similarities** | | |
| **Differences** | | |
```

### ==Answer==
1) **도입**: **I’d like to compare** ==R&B== **to** ==hip-hop music==.
2) **비슷한 점**: **As for similarities, they both** have strong roots in African-American culture, **and both genres** emphasize rhythm and groove.
3) **다른 점**: **However, they have some differences, too. For example,** R&B is slow-paced music **while** hip-hop is fast-paced music. **Additionally,** R&B is focuses on themes of love, relationships, and emotions. **On the other hand,** hip-hop covers social issues, street life and personal struggles.
4) **마무리**: **Overall, these are some of the similarities and differences** between the two kinds of music.

## Q2. [15번 유형: 최신 음악 기기] What new electronic gadgets or equipment are people who like to listen to music interested in these days? What are they talking about? What new products excite them and why?

>### ==Popular electronic gadgets or equipment==
>**기기 소개**:
>**이용 방법**:
>**장점 1**:
>**장점 2**:

### ==Answer==
1) **기기 소개**: I think **smartphones are the most popular devices** for listening to music.
2) **이용 방법**: People usually **use music applications to stream music** on their phones. All they need is just Internet connection.
3) **장점 1**: Once they pay the monthly subscription, they can **listen to hundreds of songs without any restrictions** anytime, anywhere.
4) **장점 2**: In addition, unlike downloaded music, **streaming doesn’t take up space on their phones,** so it’s simple and efficient.
5) **마무리**: **For these reasons,** I think smartphones are becoming more popular among music lovers.

---

# [선택: 영화 보기]
## Q1. [14번 유형: 예전 영화와 현재 영화 비교] Could you compare the movies made today to movies you saw growing up? How have movies changed? What are the differences and similarities?

### ==Comparing two different kinds of movies==
```sheet
{
    "classes": {
        "c": {
            "text-align": "center",
        },
    },
}
---
|---|---|---|
| | **Old movies** | **Modern movies** |
| **Similarities** | | |
| **Differences** | | |
```


### ==Answer==
1) **도입**: **I’d like to compare** ==old movies== **to** ==modern movies==.
2) **비슷한 점**: **As for similarities, they both are loved by various generations,** (and both movies reflect the time period in which they were set.)
3) **다른 점**: **However, they have some differences, too. For example,** modern movies are **technologically more advanced** than old ones. Movies these days offer 3D, 4D and IMAX versions, (featuring spectacular special effects.) **Plus, older movies** tend to be **straightforward** and have **simple plots while movies today** have **more complex stories with unexpected twists.**
4) **마무리**: **Overall, these are some of the similarities and differences** between old movies and modern movies.

## Q2. [15번 유형: 영화 관련 대화 주제] When your friends or family talk about movies, what topics or issues regarding movies do they discuss? Why are these issues of interest or concern to you and your friends"? What makes them so importanct?

>### ==Topics or issues that we talk about==
>- **주제 소개**:
>- **이용 방법**:
>- **장점 1**:
>- **장점 2**:

### ==Answer==
1) **주제 소개**: When my friends and I talk about movies, **we often talk about movie streaming services.**
2) **대화 이유**: Since the outbreak of COVID-19, we have been watching movies at home instead of going to the theaters. All we need is just Internet connection.
3) **장점 1**: Once we pay the monthly subscription, we can **watch hundreds of movies without any restrictions** anytime, anywhere.
4) **장점 2**: In addition, unlike downloaded movies, streaming doesn’t take up space on our devices, so it’s simple and efficient.
5) **마무리**: **For these reasons,** we became interested in streaming movies and often talk about it a lot.